The temple of Belur was nearly ready. At the next full moon it was to be concentrated and open for worship. The old sculptor Jakanachari was working on the main image of the temple in the inner Shrine.He spoke to No 1 and tolerated no interruptions. As he was working he noticed a shadow falling on the wall. He had ordered that no one was to be allowed to disturb him. He returned sharply with the curse on his sleep but he swallowed. The Curse quickly fell down and touched the floor with his forehead. the king comes in noiselessly .You go on with your work see the king. I obey, said the sculptor. He was working on the Derby of the image. The king watched the image fascinated as godliness grew upon it with each stroke there was a grease in his eyes and protection in his justice the king seed and longing for the day when I may offer worship to this Keshava. When will you pay to show work by God's grace? I hope to finish the work by the full moon .When the king left the old culture playing his deleted chisel conjured up on a vision of the day of concentration it .At aquasis moment Why price chanted and smoke filled up from the sacred fire he would place the God on his pedestal. he could not almost here now the bubble of voices and the king stood on the threshold of this time with the mystery behind him having arrived in state of his elephant people from all over the Empire were crowding in for the allocation. As the image was fixed to its pedestal a great cry of joy went up from the crowd and the king present in the sculpture with a gold bracelet Janak did not break off for food at noon. In the excess of the vision he forgot his hunger, someone had kindness to remind him. He merely replied the shit out and didn't talk to me. a little later she turned from the image and was annoyed to see someone standing at the doorway and watching the image. Go away from this culture. yes I will go away as soon as I have seen as much of the image as a light. oh oh who you may be? I am a wonder. I happened to pass this way and dropped in to have a look at the temple. get away or I will have you pushed out. no one must see this image before it is completed. I am one interested in stone. I can do a little work myself. you are a master are you? I don't say that. but ever since I can remember I have loved stones. you are an upstart now let me see nothing more to say than the old man. say what you like about this danger. I have begun around and seen all that is to be seen. The pillars are divine. Their figures on the outer walls are a work of a godly hand. This Temple will be remembered by the coming generation as the greatest. I do not need your certificate. near me only the young man. I am not speaking how to plated u i am a really special effect. I say once again that all that you have done so far is wonderful except full show now the old man built his young bride except what if it what question mark accept the work you are now doing the old man with his Mallet and florist at the Intruder. I'll smash it until it is at its peak. at your age I must have a greater self position, said the young man. I am not saying that your work is bad but your choice of stone is earned. your words are inauspicious weld the old man with full stop with that stone you could make a figure for a Gateway but not the main God of anus time after attention thousands of ka design decoration and only a certain for the main image and its stone should have the utmost priority now this stone has a flow and the image is unfit for worship concentration. will no one drag this man away his words are spacious. 
